---
layout: default
title: Tekkub's Emporium of Random Crap
subtitle: World of Warcraft addons and various ramblings of a furry bastard

links:
  tourguide: http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/fileinfo.php?id=7674
  tourguide_online: /tg
  wowi: http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/index.php?cid=37
  github: http://github.com/tekkub

addons:
- name: AddOnAddOff
  description: Simple OptionHouse-based addon profile manager
  pledgie: 1542
- name: Ampere
  wowi: "8530"
  description: Addon management panel extreme release edition
  pledgie: 762
- name: AreYouThreateningMe
  description: I need picata for my bunghole!
  pledgie:
- name: Blipstick
  wowi: "8838"
  description: Better minimap blips
  pledgie: 775
- name: Buffet
  wowi: "8370"
  description: Food/water macro generator
  pledgie: 774
- name: ControlFreak
  wowi: "7797"
  description: Crowd control assistance
  pledgie: 765
- name: Cork
  wowi: "10629"
  description: Buff reminders and more
  pledgie: 764
- name: DayTrader
  wowi: "10427"
  description: Fast alt-click item trading.
  pledgie: 1488
- name: Engravings
  wowi: "4858"
  description: Adds notes to item tooltips.
  pledgie: 766
- name: ForSaleByOwner
  description: Addon to sum all posted auctions for Bid and Buyout price and integrate into Auction Frame
  pledgie: 2306
- name: FriendsWithBenefits
  wowi: "6931"
  description: Syncs your friend list
  pledgie: 1489
- name: FuzzyLogic
  wowi: "4926"
  description: Easy pet management
  pledgie: 1089
- name: HatTrick
  wowi: "6958"
  description: Simple cloak/helm checkboxes in the Character frame
  pledgie: 1521
- name: Instantiation
  description: Instance maps and crap
  pledgie:
- name: Kennel
  wowi: "4442"
  description: Random pet summoner
  pledgie: 929
- name: MakeRocketGoNow
  wowi: "9771"
  description: LDB launcher menu... for LDB!
  pledgie: 1319
- name: MountMe
  wowi: "4391"
  description: Handles all your mount & travel-form needs
  pledgie: 772
- name: Nudist
  wowi: "8371"
  description: Sometimes you just want to run around nekkid.
  pledgie: 1491
- name: NutCounter
  wowi: "11513"
  description: 1, 2... 3?
  pledgie: 2008
- name: oUF_tek
  description: Tekkubqs oUF layout
  pledgie: 1679
- name: Panda
  wowi: "8633"
  description: Prospecting and Disenchanting Aide
  pledgie: 773
- name: PandaTags
  description: DE, prospecting and milling price estimates
  pledgie: 2056
- name: picoButtons
  wowi: "9774"
  description: LDB launcher micro buttons
  pledgie: 1320
- name: picoDPS
  wowi: "10573"
  description: A DPS Data Broker plugin.
  pledgie: 1392
- name: picoEXP
  wowi: "10259"
  description: LDB EXP data feed
  pledgie: 1444
- name: picoFPS
  wowi: "10240"
  description: LDB FPS data feed
  pledgie: 1234
- name: picoFriends
  wowi: "9220"
  description: Minimalistic LDB-based friends display
  pledgie: 1233
- name: picoGroup
  description: Minimalistic LibDataBroker-based group information
  pledgie: 1596
- name: picoGuild
  wowi: "9219"
  description: Minimalistic LibDataBroker-based guild display
  pledgie: 1232
- name: Quecho
  wowi: "7550"
  description: Echos quest objective completion to your party
  pledgie: 841
- name: Quelevel
  description: Adds quest level tags to log and watcher.
  pledgie: 1511
- name: Quickie
  description: Addon quicklaunch bar
  pledgie:
- name: Rawr
  wowi: "5560"
  description: Enable /roar sounds for every race
  pledgie: 1603
- name: SealClubber
  description: Fast pally seal swapping
  pledgie: 2018
- name: Spew
  wowi: "10349"
  description: Spews out lua
  pledgie: 1466
- name: Squeenix
  wowi: "5026"
  description: Square Minimap and more
  pledgie: 1440
- name: StealYourCarbon
  wowi: "8524"
  description: Automatically restock items from vendors and your bank
  pledgie: 771
- name: tekability
  wowi: "9235"
  description: Simple item durability readout in the character frame.
  pledgie: 1238
- name: tekAccept
  description: Auto-accept invites from guild members and friends
  pledgie:
- name: tekauc
  description: Simple auction price manager
  pledgie: 1633
- name: tekAutoNameplates
  description: Automatically toggles nameplates when entering / leaving combat.
  pledgie: 1597
- name: tekBattleMapEnhancer
  description: Makes the battle map better!
  pledgie: 1955
- name: tekBlocks
  description: LDB-based data display
  pledgie:
- name: tekDebug
  wowi: "10426"
  description: Debug output frame thing
  pledgie: 1324
- name: tekErr
  wowi: "6681"
  description: Lua error manager
  pledgie: 1439
- name: tekJunkSeller
  wowi: "8099"
  description: Automatically vendor off grey items
  pledgie: 1524
- name: tekKompare
  wowi: "6837"
  description: Simple item compare tooltips
  pledgie: 1490
- name: tekLayout
  description: My personal WorldFrame/ChatFrame layout
  pledgie:
- name: tekMapEnhancer
  wowi: "8632"
  description: Fullscreen map sucks!
  pledgie: 2006
- name: teknicolor
  wowi: "8523"
  description: Color player names in chat by their corresponding raid class colors
  pledgie: 1008
- name: tekPad
  wowi: "10575"
  description: Lua notepad thing
  pledgie: 1523
- name: tekPlayerMenu
  description: Add extra options to player link menu
  pledgie: 1543
- name: teksLoot
  wowi: "8198"
  description: Minimalistic group roll frames.
  pledgie: 769
- name: tekticles
  wowi: "8786"
  description: Simple font replacement
  pledgie: 768
- name: TourGuide
  wowi: "7674"
  description: Powerleveling guide framework
  pledgie: 767
- name: TourGuide_Recorder
  wowi: "10499"
  description: TourGuide guide making helper
  pledgie: 1514
- name: VendorBait
  wowi: "7121"
  description: Highlight the best quest reward choice for selling to vendor
  pledgie: 1598

---

<div class="sidebar">

h3. Quick links

* "WoW Interface [Releases]":{{ page.links.wowi }}
* "Github repos [Alphas]":{{ page.links.github }}
* "Issue Tracker":http://code.google.com/p/tekkub-wow/issues/list
* "TourGuide":{{ page.links.tourguide }}

</div>

Welcome to my crappy website.  I'm lazy, so you may not see many improvements to this base page.  Anywho, the good shit's below.

For lots more goodies that I haven't put on this site yet, visit "My WoWInterface section":{{ page.links.wowi }}.

You can also find all sorts of little unreleased mods in my "git repos":{{ page.links.github }}.

p(. <i>*Important note:* addons pulled from git are *alpha quality* and are not supported, they could completely screw up your game... but I strive for that not to happen, of course.  USE AT YOUR OWN RISK!</i>

h2. "TourGuide Online":{{ page.links.tourguide_online }}

All the guides included with the released version of TourGuide are now "viewable online":{{ page.links.tourguide_online }}.  Print them out!  Show your friends!  And of course, install the "addon":{{ page.links.tourguide }}!

The web-based guides will be updated whenever a new version of the addon is released.

h2. Addons

<table id="addon_list">
  {% for addon in page.addons %}
    <tr>
      <td>
        {% if addon.wowi %}
          "{{ addon.name }}":http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/fileinfo.php?id={{ addon.wowi }}
        {% endif %}
        {% if addon.wowi == null %}
          {{ addon.name }}
        {% endif %}
        </td>
      <td> {{ addon.description }} </td>
      <td class="right-text">
        {% if addon.pledgie %}
          "Donate":http://pledgie.org/campaigns/{{ addon.pledgie }}
        {% endif %}
        "Bugs":http://code.google.com/p/tekkub-wow/issues/list?can=1&q=addon:{{ addon.name }}&sort=status+milestone&colspec=ID%20Type%20Status%20Addon%20Milestone%20Summary
        "Repo":{{ page.links.github }}/{{ addon.name | downcase }}
      </td>
    </tr>
  {% endfor %}
</table>
