---
layout: default
title: Tekkub's Emporium of Random Crap
subtitle: World of Warcraft addons and various ramblings of a furry bastard

links:
  tourguide: http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/fileinfo.php?id=7674
  tourguide_online: /tg
  wowi: http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/index.php?cid=37
  github: http://github.com/tekkub
---

<script type="text/javascript" src="https://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.3.2/jquery.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/js/main.js"></script>
<div class="sidebar">

h3. Quick links

* "WoW Interface [Releases]":{{ page.links.wowi }}
* "Github repos [Alphas]":{{ page.links.github }}
* "TourGuide":{{ page.links.tourguide }}

</div>

Welcome to my crappy website.  I'm lazy, so you may not see many improvements to this base page.  Anywho, the good shit's below.

For lots more goodies that I haven't put on this site yet, visit "My WoWInterface section":{{ page.links.wowi }}.

You can also find all sorts of little unreleased mods in my "git repos":{{ page.links.github }}.

p(. <i>*Important note:* addons pulled from git are *alpha quality* and are not supported, they could completely screw up your game... but I strive for that not to happen, of course.  USE AT YOUR OWN RISK!</i>

h2. "TourGuide Online":{{ page.links.tourguide_online }}

All the guides included with the released version of TourGuide are now "viewable online":{{ page.links.tourguide_online }}.  Print them out!  Show your friends!  And of course, install the "addon":{{ page.links.tourguide }}!

The web-based guides will be updated whenever a new version of the addon is released.

h2. Addons

<table id="addon_list">
  <tr><td> Loading... </td></tr>
</table>
